hiero luky guests which song is new
biologist
brkic l3 from we are going to do a diy
because we are going my longboard
from this to pimping this
we don't do this around then she has to
by copying and we now get more
views and so on
then we must start this board
pimp
to we are of course super through my
know have no inspiration
yes so on instagram we ask how
otherwise it is best to pimp
admit
this can no longer be the way we have
so made this photo and now we have to
just a nice description we put
it happened guys we have the photo
posted and we are going now to you
youtube to yes this is by the way that
we shit our stuff on a plate
to get some kind of good no matter what
we went to your voice to the
to go skate shop and where did we end up
in the or you with the cheese sandwich and me
I have business closer to us
such a sound then say a sled because they
so from the the one had to buy from the
but we continue to buy this work and
may sat all things in the paper again
basket
about half of one that is true
stickers so we go to the plate can the
paste and above that as we
of the box is now just something again
moored
I'm going to buy this I've had I had
found the vehicle and even more
vehicles and dolphins
you gotta go
ok it is next because yesterday
allowing the hatch to go even further
the first thing to do now is the
tricks loosens then there is oil and
screwdriver then we go first
loosen a screw that speak
about ourselves and then we get a grip on it
get it
the still we are going to sand and this sanding and
then the stickers come from bass and then
push ok so what is that key of
pans
no a bio-rad two weeks and then press
does it also prevent you from giving him a minute
your answer is fucking they are
been working on this board for 5 years with
really a specific order up we have
three options and also a piece of tape
do that with a drill the household effects
you further one can at six or seven or
saw this piece off
i go for this is the smell man while
they are busy searching for the solution
I have the real solution for you
tell you about that it is good to
carry the luck then yes it is successful
finally we go now in the glue that
under the round is forest makes it so right
shop
double pull
He has managed your bread here if so
all right
finally the sanding is done i'm there
actually quite happy with this moment
that it's wrong
yo i have faith in you more press
their best
what we are going to do now is that we have to go here
make you orange so we can
clearly know when you should have
with it
after themselves so people now get per day
you are now you do not know what its purpose
I already had a layer of varnish
done the distance and I now the second
do it low but turn it incredibly hot
weather
you can actually just get one that
keeps going and how does it get by itself
thicker
the
and um it's almost like I just have to
just do the turkish round after one
near-accident
this probably leaves the work
timelapse start
a
he is now completely finished I do not know
exactly how the totally beautiful child what
the end result is but it is here
of sour weather or otherwise
do you now have a do as ben
Printing does not leave any behind
send through paws through instagram and
maybe when we respond with our
opinion
you never know you want our previous video
you look here you don't see you there
you can click and then he can
equal english for video
yes and what else do we do than we have
also facebook
since actually quite a long time
yes upload all nice stuff photos
basically anything and but just
all extra videos that are not one
functional 3 not an extra freak show
but on
give your order is euro so you want
dance facebook click in the link in the
vagina and then you can do that too
and number 5 in multi yes click now
thesis
okay bye